Update READMEs to describe about IAM policy (#15339)
gitpod-io/gitpod: components/blobserve/README.md

# Required Permssion

If you want it to work in a particular public cloud, you may need to grant some permissions.
Below is a reference for this.

> ## AWS
> 
> If you would like to use ECR as a container registry, please add the following IAM policy below.
> 
> ```json
> {
>     "Version": "2012-10-17",
>     "Statement": [
>         {
>             "Sid": "VisualEditor0",
>             "Effect": "Allow",
>             "Action": [
>                 "ecr-public:GetDownloadUrlForLayer",
>                 "ecr-public:BatchGetImage",
>                 "ecr-public:GetAuthorizationToken",
>                 "ecr:GetDownloadUrlForLayer",
>                 "ecr:BatchGetImage",
>                 "ecr:GetAuthorizationToken"
>             ],
>             "Resource": "*"
>         }
>     ]
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## AWS IAM Policy

If you would like to use ECR as a container registry, please add the following IAM policy below.

- Private ECR

```json
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Sid": "VisualEditor0",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "ecr:GetDownloadUrlForLayer",
                "ecr:BatchGetImage",
                "ecr:GetAuthorizationToken"
            ],
            "Resource": "*"
        }
    ]
}
```

- Public ECR

```json
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Sid": "VisualEditor0",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "ecr-public:GetDownloadUrlForLayer",
                "ecr-public:BatchGetImage",
                "ecr-public:GetAuthorizationToken"
            ],
            "Resource": "*"
        }
    ]
}
```
```
